We met with long-time missionary, Reiner Tashman.
He shared some of Indonesia's spiritual history
and text us to a recent event that strengthened the faith of all who attended.
People often ask me,
what is Indonesia like?
Well, Indonesia is 250 million people.
Diverse religions.
Traditional villages.
Huge modern cities.
But when I first came to Indonesia,
life was quite different.
I arrived here as a missionary in 1968.
And after spending about a year in the field,
I was assigned to do traveling work.
I traveled all over the country.
I had some real adventures.
Later, I was called into the branch office.
In 1976, though, the Churches of Christenham succeeded in having our preaching work banned.
We moved the branch office to a secret location.
We had many confidential files,
and I copied them on a tiny piece of paper
and stored them in little match boxes.
We kept on preaching, of course, and held our meetings.
We even held our assemblies.
And finally, in 2001, a ban was lifted.
For me, in Indonesia has been a preacher's paradise.
People are friendly.
It is easy to place literature.
You can even start plenty of Bible studies.
But recently, we had another thrilling spiritual development.
For years, our branch office was hidden away.
But it is not hidden anymore.
Our new branch office occupies a floor
in one of the most modern buildings in Jakarta.
In February 2015, brothers and sisters from all over the world gathered in Jakarta
to attend the dedication of the new branch facilities.
Most of us hadn't seen each other for years.
Hundreds of brothers and nearby locations followed the program by a video link.
Anthony Morris, from the governing body, delivered the dedication talk.
I'm going to ask you this question,
and then you just give a bold yes if you agree.
All joining and dedicating this branch facility to the worship of Jehovah God
are Grand King in the service of the Messianic King Jesus Christ.
Say yes.
The following day, thousands of brothers and sisters gathered at a special assembly in Jakarta.
Thirty other locations around Indonesia were tied in via video link.
We've never had a convention like it.
Indonesia is opening up, and the kingdom work is really moving ahead.
And for that, I truly thank Jehovah.
How thrilling it must have been for our brothers and Indonesia to go from preaching under ban
to now having their work organized openly from a beautiful new branch office.